Refactor of Tagging Section (#7516)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/nodejs.md

      text: 'Correlate request logs with traces automatically'
---

> ## Automatic Injection into Logs

Reviewer: What are we injecting?  Sound like we could be more explicit in the title

This enables automatic trace ID injection for `bunyan`, `paperplane`, `pino`, and `winston`.

> If you haven't done so already, we recommend configuring the NodeJS tracer with `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION`. This will provide the smoothest

Reviewer: Would recommend avoiding `will` and `smoothest`.

> If you haven't done so already, we recommend configuring the NodeJS tracer with `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION`. This will provide the smoothest

Author: ```suggestion
If you haven't done so already, configure the NodeJS tracer with `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION`. This will provide the best
```

experience for adding `env`, `service`, and `version` (see [Unified Service Tagging][1] for more details).

**Note**: Automatic injection only works for logs formatted as JSON.

> ## Manual Injection into Logs

Reviewer: Same here, the title sounds like it could be more explicit about what we are doing
